# MISSION PARAMETERS

The briefing for this upcoming operation takes place a 
week before the LSA is set to begin an offensive against 
the Vestan city of Grevka. Preparations for large-scale 
military actions like this require round-the-clock activity, 
and the Task Force Indigo base is no exception to this. 
The site is alive with an endless procession of supply 
shipments, maintenance and equipment checks, strategy 
meetings, training, and briefings like this one.

# EVENT LOG

- Scythe Company deployed via horizontal drop onto Vestan controlled beachhead, supported by a distraction made by LSA cruise missile.
- Scythe Company was able to dispatch Vestan forces before any alarms could be raised, resulting in the Sovereignty not yet being aware of their presence.
- After meeting up with Gerou, the squad moves stealthily through the forest to the town of Metina.
- After a short downtime in which they learn more about Project Tartarus and a facility called Angopolis, the squad meets their contact.
- Avel, a non-combat NHP, supplies the location and codes of a concealed munitions depot that the resistance plans to raid for heavy weapons and supplies prior to the assault on Angopolis.
- In addition, Avel mentions multiple instances where NHP's were taken as part of project TARTARUS, and wanting no part in whatever is ocurring at the facility.
- Scythe Company is forced to abandon Metina after Vestan forces are discovered moving towards them. Junkie and Strongback cause a diversion by setting a forest fire and implanting explosives for when Vestan's arrive to clear it, while Ironshell and Brimstone steal an undercover Vestan Spy's intel laptop.
- The squad then attacks a Vestan supply depot with the help of the resistance, succeeding and stealing plenty of supplies to help with attacking the Angopolis Aerospace graveyard; the location where Union believes the Vestans are preparing to launch ICBM's.
- The squad arrives alongside Gerou to find that other resistance cells have already begun their assault and are taking heavy casualties. With their plan already ruined, the team elects to rush in and try to push into the Vestan's underground facility before it's too late.
- The battle is hard fought, with Strongback having to detonate his own mech to finish off the Vestan commander who was preventing their assault. With the defences overwhelmed, resistance forces are able to enter the facility. However, they're too late.
- Despite their hard fought victory forcing the Vestan's to accelerate their timetable, they're still able to launch the VNS Typhon, a huge Vestan ship that forces the Rio Grande to retreat for now.
- The team find themselves without mechs or advanced equipment after the shockwave from the Typhon's launch engines sends them flying. Now on the backfoot, the team will need to survive a long geurilla campaign until the Rio Grande can return with Reinforcements, but with the Typhon literally hanging over the LSA's heads, things are far from easy.

## END OF PART 1
