## NAME: Meler, Caelan
## BIRTHPLACE: Emucarro Secundus (Diasporan)
## FAMILIAL RELATIONS: Mother - Father - Brother - Brother - Sister - Sister
## UNION CHARGES: [DATA EXPUNGED] - [DATA EXPUNGED]
## HA CHARGES: [DATA EXPUNGED]r - [DATA EXPUNGED] - Assault -[DATA EXPUNGED] - Inciting Violence - Threatening [DATA EXPUNGED] - Association with [DATA EXPUNGED] - [DATA EXPUNGED] - Destruction of [DATA EXPUNGED]

Born on Emucarro Secundus, Caelan Meler was raised in a small family unit consisting of his mother, father, two brothers and two sisters. Life was simple for them, they lived in one of the larger settlements in the region, Termina Canaan.
The life blood of the settlement flowed as the valuable minerals and resources that have been mined there for generations, the Meler family was one of these generational mining families.

 Caelans father, Jeremiah, would teach him and his brothers to live off their homeland and treat it with the respect it required to sustain life.
During their teenage years Caelan and his brothers would begin to help their father work at the mine doing various jobs such as light mechanic work and transporting goods.

 At the age of eighteen Caelan while at the mine with his father and brothers, they would watch as a ship began to land in the middle of an area laden with gear, it threw tools and equipment across the entire area, injuring workers around them. After a minute which felt like an eternity, the workers would pick themselves up and watch as a man of short stature wearing an intricately designed dress uniform of purple with gold highlights stepped down a personnel ramp quickly flanked by two hardsuit wearing soldiers at each side. His eyes shot around the mining operation with a smug look that made anyone's blood boil with anger at a single glance.
"I see you have already started in preparation for our arrival! I am here to welcome Emucarro Secundus in to the Harrison Armory fold, including you wonderful people of Termina Canaan! Your planet's resources will bring us in to a new age of prosperity and you will be the driving force that makes it all possible. You will all be treated with the care you deserve, work hard and be rewarded."
Confusion and anger would run rampant in the crowd of miners gathered, a foreman the Meler family knew well would begin to walk up to the man and yell that he held no authority over these people nor their planet, Caelans brother Taymo, would move forward to stand at the foremans side, however Caelan reached out to stop Taymo before he could yes he jerked away from Caelan and continued forward to stand by his side. As Taymo walked forward everyone would watch as the foreman was hit with the butt of a rifle, knocking him to the ground before the man put his foot upon his head.
"Dissidence will not be accepted and any who try to oppose this legal venture will be rightfully imprisoned! Violence-"

The man could not finish before Taymo's fist met his face and cut him off, however this moment was short lived as Taymo was promptly knocked to the ground by one of the men in hardsuits and began to be beaten relentlessly
"...Violence, will be met with violence. You will all be treated with what you deserve.."
The man said as he looked down at Taymo, spitting on him before walking up the ramp muttering something to the soldiers behind him.

Caelan tried to rush forward to help his brother but Jeremiah and his brother Ezekiel held him back until the silence was shattered with the burst of gunfire. Caelan's eyes narrowed in to a tunnel vision as he watched one of the soldiers unload a burst of rounds in to the bodies of Taymo and the foreman. There was a moment of shock and silence as the one burst of gunfire echoed, nobody knew how to react. In an instant afterwards if there was something to grab as a weapon someone did as dozens of miners rushed toward the ship, yelling out in rage. Before they could react accordingly the ship began to be swarmed, the personnel ramp was hurriedly closed by the man in the uniform before his men had a chance to enter and were left outside, they beaten to the ground and their hardsuits would be battered and assailed with heavy wrenches and fists until they could barely move. A group of men quickly ran from one of the equipment sheds with hydraulic spike drivers. Caelan could not recall what happened next as it all turned in to a blur. He only remembers waking up at home, his hands drenched to his elbows in blood.

Over the next number of days Caelan would watch as his father became a different man, drained of drive and a desire to live as he had taught for so long. Caelan could not stand who his father had become, he left with nothing but what he wore and returned to the mine which had ceased operating and became a meeting place for those who would not lay down and allow their freedoms to be stolen. Caelan would drive himself to avenge his brother and those there knew it well. They would fit any sort of mining gear they had in to makeshift armor and weapons, outfitting what few mining suits and mechs they had for combat as best they could. They saw it fair for Caelan to learn how to pilot one of their mechs to so that he could inflict as much damage to HA as possible. A month of preparation lead to the day where 'representatives' of Harrison Armory would arrive to Termina Canaan.

 Squads of armed men arrived in ships, marching in to Termina Canaan and behind them, clambered machines of war the people of Termina had never seen before. However, those who wished to resist had not stayed to see, rushing to the mine to arm themselves. Forty four men rallied at the mine ready to fight for their homeland, Caelan among them, he had turned nineteen this month. He climbed in to his mining mech, he was ready to fight. The force split in to two squads of twenty two, Caelan piloted his frame and another man piloted a suit to assist their assigned squad, they would bring the fight to the hostiles in the town and lure them in to the entrenched positions in the mine. Equipped with hunting rifles and mining gear the makeshift militia infantry moved through the forest paths around Termina to avoid detection, arriving at a landing site they would see their first machine of war, a towering frame of grey and orange, hoses leading to tanks and a weapon on its shoulder. They did not let it discourage them as they opened fire from their concealed positions suppressing the HA soldiers for a few moments before they returned fire. Caelan and the other pilot would maneuver around the site to get around the military frame which began to move in to position however as they exited their concealment to attack the frame would swing around and sweep the two with it's flamethrower, the suit pilot was immediately immolated, his suit left his body exposed and he burned alive screaming for help. Caelan charged forward pushing the his frames drill center mass in to the HA mech, the two would wrestle as the drill cracked in to the armor before piercing through and churning the inside of the HA mech, pulling the drill from the HA mech he backed up watching as it just stood there leaking fluids and sparking. Snapping back to reality Caelan would look back and see that they were not going to last if they stayed to fight here, he quickly disengaged and ran over the HA infantry and passed his own turning and waiting for them to follow. Breaking contact they would retreat back in to the forest and return to the mine. Only Caelan and eight others had returned to join the entrenched forces.

They sat and waited for hours. Everyone stood on edge, waiting for HA forces to attack. The moment came when a hail of automatic fire erupted from concealed positions all over, the defenders were immediately overwhelmed and tried to retaliate. This prompted the assault to properly begin, five Harrison Armory war machines emerged from defilade and began to stomp forward providing cover for trailing infantry. Cones of flame burst forward and cooked militia fighters in their trenches, Caelan rushed forward determined to take one of the HA mechs down with him but before he even had a chance his frame leg was blown out from beneath it and its chassis was riddled with gunfire. It was worthless and now without power he was face down in the dirt and trapped in a metal coffin. He could feel the heat of the flames grow hotter and hotter as he began to almost boil inside the frame, he passed out.

Caelan slipped in and out of consciousness as his body was dragged from the frame. He awoke in a cold metal cell. He sat there for hours, hours turned to days, turned to weeks, turned to years. It wouldn't be long before the time spent there would blend together in to a hazy blur. Caelan could remember how they would beat him until he couldn't stand, force him to look out at his homeland get ravaged for its resources. Some days he would scream for until his voice went. Caelan did not know how long it had been when they took him out. They pushed his face against the glass of the observation room for one last look at his homeland, exploited for its resources in the most efficient way and his people used as workers for a machine that would spit them out as easy as it used them. He doesn't remember why they even bothered to keep him alive or why they moved him but they removed him from his cell and shoved him in to another for transport somewhere else, he doesn't know where or why. Along the journey the transport had to make a stop at a Union port. Due to a power malfunction possibly, Caelans cell door unlatched. Hearing the latches open but seeing no guard Caelan immediately pushed the door open frantically looking around for an exit, he tried to recall the layout from when he was walked to his cell, he ran through the ship until he found it, a way out. Two HA personnel stood at the doorway checking an electrical panel. He ran as fast as he could and charged through them making a mad dash out of the port. They would pursue him as he ran like a crazed lunatic they just about had him as he reached the main terminal and slipped in to the crowd, escaping his captors. It would be only now he discovered he had been imprisoned for six years.

In completely unfamiliar territory, a new setting, new society, Caelan's descent would only worsen as he struggled to survive and scrape by stealing and mugging.
Caelan would sneak on to transports to get as far away from HA territory as possible and continue to scrape by until he could land on his feet. Hatred flowed through his blood and he intended to reap what he was owed. Caelan would find himself looking for violence and began to give his services as a mercenary until he could find a way to get at Harrison Armory, directly or indirectly he would do anything he could to get closer to accelerating their downfall.
